Add common issue docs for PEP585 syntax update (#14246)
python/mypy: docs/source/common_issues.rst

To get this code to type check, you could assign ``y = x`` after ``x`` has been
narrowed, and use ``y`` in the inner function, or add an assert in the inner
function.

Upgrading to PEP584 syntax
---------------------------

In pre-PEP584 syntax type annotations for builtin types such as ``dict``, ``list``, ``tuple``, ``type`` were taken from the ``typing`` module as ``typing.Dict``, ``typing.List``, ``typing.Tuple``, ``typing.Type`` etc.

> When upgrading a codebase you may hit a case such as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating a codebase to use modern syntax, you may hit a case
such as the following:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from typing import TypeVar

>     T = TypeVar('T', bound='Foo')

Reviewer: Mypy uses `black` style across its codebase; let's stick to that here

```suggestion
    T = TypeVar("T", bound="Foo")
```

    class Foo:
	type: str

	@classmethod

> 	def foo(cls: type[T], value: str) -> None:  # will fail due to "not a valid type"

Reviewer: - It's somewhat confusing for the method to be called `foo()` when the class is called `Foo`.
- Be slightly more specific about mypy's complaint here

```suggestion
	def bar(cls: type[T], value: str) -> None:  # Mypy complains that "Foo.type" is "not valid as a type"
```

Author: I moved the comment here to the pass statement to not make it above 80 chars and have the sliding bar appear on the bottom of the code block. I am not sure if this is preferred. Let me know.

	    pass

> This is happening since the class has an attribute that is overshadowing the built-in keyword ``type``. To get this code to type-check you have the following options:

Reviewer: - `type` is a builtin name, but it's not a _keyword_ according to the language specification. (I _think_ this is the correct intersphinx reference to link to the CPython docs for `type`; apologies if not.)
- I think a slightly longer example in the interactive REPL might be helpful here to illustrate exactly what's going on with the scoping semantics.

```suggestion
This occurs due to the fact that the class has an attribute named `type`
that shadows the built-in function :py:func:`type`.
To illustrate: at runtime in the following example,
the annotation for `arg` in the `ham` method 
is resolved as being the string `"spam"`
due to the fact that method signatures are executed
in the same scope as class attributes:

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> class Eggs:
    ...     type: str = "spam"
    ...     def ham(self, arg: type) -> None:
    ...         pass
    ...
    >>> import inspect
    >>> inspect.signature(Eggs.ham)
    <Signature (self, arg: 'spam') -> None>

Mypy follows the same scoping semantics as Python at runtime
when resolving references.
To get this code to type-check, therefore, you have the following options:
```

Author: > type is a builtin name, but it's not a keyword according to the language specification. (I think this is the correct intersphinx reference to link to the CPython docs for type; apologies if not.)

True. Thanks will change it. The issue I have with the link is that it does not work/render when creating the html docs. I tried to grep mypy docs for usage of type and I already see the same problem at https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/type_narrowing.html. The `type()` link is the only one not working. It's using the same exact schema you gave here.

>  think a slightly longer example in the interactive REPL might be helpful here to illustrate exactly what's going on with the scoping semantics.

Very nice idea. I agree and done it. It also helped me better understand it :)

One question, what does `pycon` stand for in this code block?

Reviewer: > One question, what does `pycon` stand for in this code block?

"Python console" -- it provides specialised syntax highlighting for the interactive REPL :)

> - Use ``typing.Type`` and use ``Type[]`` for your annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Continue using `typing.Type[]` for your annotation.
```

> - Stick ``import builtins`` at the top and use ``builtins.type[]`` for your annotation

Reviewer: My wording in the issue was slightly informal; that's fine for an issue, but we can do better in docs :)

```suggestion
- Add ``import builtins`` to the top of your module and use ``builtins.type[]`` for your annotation
```

> - Add ``from builtins import type as Type`` at the top and use ``Type[]`` for your annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add ``from builtins import type as Type`` to the top of your module and use ``Type[]`` for your annotation
```

> The same thing applies for any other built-in keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same thing applies for any other built-in name.
```

To get this code to type check, you could assign ``y = x`` after ``x`` has been
narrowed, and use ``y`` in the inner function, or add an assert in the inner
function.

Upgrading to :pep:`585` syntax
------------------------------

> In pre-:pep:`585` syntax type annotations for builtin types such as ``dict``,
> ``list``, ``tuple``, ``type`` were taken from the :py:mod:`typing` module as
> ``typing.Dict``, ``typing.List``, ``typing.Tuple``, ``typing.Type`` etc.

Reviewer: Minor wordsmithing:

```suggestion
Prior to :pep:`585`, instances of builtin types such as ``dict``, ``list``,
``tuple``, and ``type`` were annotated using aliases
from the :py:mod:`typing` module
(``typing.Dict``, ``typing.List``, ``typing.Tuple``, ``typing.Type`` etc.).
```

When updating a codebase to use modern syntax, you may hit a case such as the following:

.. code-block:: python

    from typing import TypeVar

    T = TypeVar("T", bound="Foo")

    class Foo:
	type: str

> 	@classmethod
> 	def bar(cls: type[T], value: str) -> None:
> 	    pass    # Mypy complains that "Foo.type" is "not valid as a type"

Reviewer: I'd put the comment above the method signature rather than below it.

```suggestion
        # Mypy complains that "Foo.type" is "not valid as a type"
	@classmethod
	def bar(cls: type[T], value: str) -> None:
	    pass
```

This occurs due to the fact that the class has an attribute named `type`
that shadows the built-in function :py:func:`type`.
To illustrate the issue: at runtime in the following example,
the annotation for `arg` in the `ham` method
is resolved as being the string `"spam"`
due to the fact that method signatures are executed
in the same scope as class attributes:

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> class Eggs:
    ...     type: str = "spam"
    ...     def ham(self, arg: type) -> None:
    ...         pass
    ...
    >>> import inspect
    >>> inspect.signature(Eggs.ham)
    <Signature (self, arg: 'spam') -> None>

Mypy follows the same scoping semantics as Python at runtime
when resolving references.
To get this code to type-check, therefore, you have the following options:

- Continue using  ``typing.Type[]`` for your annotation.

> - Add ``import builtins`` to the top of your module and use ``builtins.type[]`` for your annotation.
> - Add ``from builtins import type as Type`` to the top of your module and use ``Type[]`` for your annotation

Reviewer: <=80 chars :)

```suggestion
- Add ``import builtins`` to the top of your module and use ``builtins.type[]``
  for your annotation.
- Add ``from builtins import type as Type`` to the top of your module
  and use ``Type[]`` for your annotation
```

To get this code to type check, you could assign ``y = x`` after ``x`` has been
narrowed, and use ``y`` in the inner function, or add an assert in the inner
function.

> Upgrading to :pep:`585` syntax
> ------------------------------

Reviewer: This is slightly more verbose, but I think it's good to have "name shadowing" in the section title, since that's the root cause of the issue:

```suggestion
Name shadowing issues with :pep:`585` syntax
--------------------------------------------
```

> Prior to :pep:`585`, instances of builtin types such as ``dict``, ``list``,

Reviewer: The mypy docs generally seem to use "built-in" over "builtin" when it's used as an adjective

```suggestion
Prior to :pep:`585`, instances of built-in types such as ``dict``, ``list``,
```
